well howdy there internet people it's
bug on so it is part three got a lot of
quick questions and I thought we would
of our Twitter Q&A we're doing this for
people who can't make it in a live
stream now I am glanced at these
questions but haven't really read
through them so you're getting kind of
an off the hip response okay so where
were we X its if a Jim jump right into
this one at the general strike movement
does build up do you see a possibility
to have emergency services EMT fire
police join such action like in France
if so who has the numbers so mobilized
on behalf of the state's military a
general strike is probably not something
the the government would call military
out for not even the National Guard as
long as that strike was a general strike
at home basically sheltering in place
what's happening right now
now if there were large scale rallies
you you might see response from the
National Guard but it would be localized
it would be localized I don't foresee
from a defense standpoint you would not
want to mobilize your military against
your own people on that scale simply
because there are a lot of countries out
there that would love that and might
take advantage of it it would be
incredibly risky for them to do that so
I am a I'm a big supporter of strikes in
general because they're incredibly
effective
is there a path towards liberating
institutions from government control
without having to rebuild them entirely
set up a parallel institution in most
cases you can set up a parallel
institution and borrow the good pieces
from the the one that already exists and
leave the bad pieces out and if your
institution is more responsive people
will turn to it rather than the
government one and then in in that
manner you can defeat that government
institution by ignoring it why do people
still believe sunk cost fallacy they put
so much into believing in to them that
they can't admit they were wrong at this
point if you're rational and you're
looking at all of the evidence you you
you can't you can't support m54 I know a
lot of people who started off as Trump
supporters who have ceased to be Trump
supporters because they did look at all
the evidence most those people who still
support them are in echo chambers they
don't get out and hear other viewpoints
and they don't hear the negative things
that he's done they only hear outlets
and people who sing his praises
how would a stateless society handle
something like what's going on right now
with what's going around
a stateless society requires a highly
educated populace how would it be
handled exactly as it is right now
everybody would be staying home
everybody we take be taking precautions
the only difference is that people would
do it because they know it's the right
thing to do not because they're being
told they have to there are the thing is
there are a lot of there are a lot of
things that could still be going on
right now if people were smart enough to
take the precautions if they were
educated enough to take the precautions
that they should while those activities
for occurring the problem is we have a
population that is anti education they
don't want to be educated a lot a large
group of the United States is very
comfortable being willfully ignorant
they think somebody else will take care
of it for them and that's true
that is true if you don't run your life
somebody else will and now that that's
happening they're complaining about it
the actual response would be very much
the same it just would be done without
coercion will be known without force
sent to you an inbox I don't have to
look because that wouldn't okay would
you would be willing to do a video about
your time as a contractor and what
lessons you learned from that time in
general terms yeah like that's something
I could do
in general terms but not specifics about
events and stuff like that at times like
this do you believe a central government
is necessary no I don't I think in many
cases it's been a hindrance right now it
goes back to that other questions the
responses would be the same the only
difference is without a central
government you
wouldn't have as much political pressure
to believe what one party says you would
if you're gonna build boots if you're
gonna make boots you consult the boot
maker and an educated populace would
know that and they would turn to the
doctors they would get the advice from
them they wouldn't get it filtered
through what's best for whatever
political party they enjoy opinion on
goats I like them they're funny that's
probably the code for something I don't
understand clearly there is need for
revolution after this and you often
state armed would be the worst option so
is general strike the best option I
often think that we are producers in
consumers so if we can unite we can
change the game your thoughts on how
this can it should be achieved I think a
general strike could be a fantastic
thing if depending on what the requests
were to return to work it all depends on
how it's done you know the Devils in the
details on stuff like this the one thing
I can't I will definitely say and I will
say Tom blue in the face we do not want
armed conflict in this country it's
horrible
most people aren't ready for it and it
never really yields what the people want
it just sets a new group of people in
power good ideas generally don't require
force so but yeah I do think they strike
is a good option I don't know that it's
the best option but it's definitely high
up there what's your view on earthships
Michael Reynolds in parentheses
I think that's the architect who like
builds stuff out like tires you're like
I like the general idea you're like as
it relates to to Gaia theory it should
be sustainable I think the housing
should be sustainable I'm not sure we
have to go to the extreme of using you
know waste products to do it but at the
same time I I think he does that to
highlight how much use is being thrown
away in those products I think there's a
political motivation behind that art all
art is political on some level so what
are your views on them yeah I think
they're a good thing I think they're a
good thing I don't think that they have
to go to the extreme that Michael
Reynolds I really hope that's the right
guy does but I definitely like the idea
of building more sustainable living and
things that are within harmony with
their surroundings how do we deal with
the stress after coming out and not
being yourself my state plans to lift
the shelter May first and I'm supposed
to go back to work when the doc allows
but the anxiety and my conditioning has
me down also not trying to pass it to
family doubts to family okay dealing
with the stress of this it is simple
it's going to be there no there is no
simple way to deal with stress you know
I saw that thing the other day where a
boss called one of their employees like
how are you doing and the employee was
like I'm fine like no you're not how are
you doing nobody's fine right now
I think one of the key things to to
dealing with it is understanding that
you are stressed we all are we all show
it in different ways but we're all
stressed and finding the mechanism that
allows you to deal with it because it's
gonna be very different than the
mechanism that allows me to deal with it
I wouldn't be able to give you advice on
that without really knowing you
pros and cons of military coup who want
to understand the logistics and policy
with the military being charged until
November in the United States I don't
see I don't see that as a likelihood I
think they're just gonna run out the
clock and that's never something you
really want because it's once you attain
that level of power it's very hard to
give it up now you still have a few
true-blue you know American patriots
those who believe in the Constitution
within the higher ranks of DoD and I do
believe that a large part of that
officer corps would if they were ever in
that situation take control and then
establish elections pretty quickly
however there's no guarantee that those
would be the generals that actually lend
up in charge so it's it's not that's not
really a safety valve that that's it's a
hope maybe it works out but if that
happens it can go really bad real quick
the logistics of something like that is
it's normally a palace coup they they
it's done all in house and hopefully
very quietly
it is normally how that works there's a
lot of regions that have changes of
government like that pre often okay how
do you distress
besides moonshine as odd as this may
seem this actually helps me de-stress I
like to work in the art I work out
occasionally but again everybody has
their own methods of coping
okay so we're there again I guess we're
going on to part four see in just a
minute